do you want to build a cool team or
open leave not enough coins buy
coins from crabs crab dot ru
low prices and high quality link in
description hi all friends with you
familiar continue to open packs on ios
well then I looked
we have not opened the team for the week
franc ribie wayne rooney
craftsmen that is the best here in this
team of the week okay let's see
maybe on video what we fall the more
what reason for this is a good 100
thousand coins worth our favorite packs and me
I really hope that a lot of us can
form of for falls well or maybe ronaldo
will perform
give us our hands to buy it already from me
not long
okay kumets and rumi
you think Rooney and Hummels
I have not seen this to 2 info 88
rating ochumet two best fell out
info or another form and on but too
Hem two of the best information to us
only the ribie fell out
it turns out let's give us something
there is still good food that we don’t
fell this serki assessment
let's save it in the club and see
what is better yes yes bruno only 5
welcome come on for 90 vadimovich
yes yes ibrahimovic it is not clear that he is not
there is nothing here now
awesome
Ibrahimovic year again I am a tyrant and then pours
before was already with us
azat is great cool want giving
trap food inform click too was not 2
watch them kurtois glyk kristianu aiming
will still inform no talent has already fallen oh
Koutinju tree stick tool Alan and Koutinju
I still want to believe that Ribery
will come to us but this is a fight she is just
maybe now come on her tatul alan
one more time please lift u
please, these are five books
Yaranga is still destined to the company often
us basement form today falls noticed
but eden azar brings that's all
mishn komplit as they say clean it up
best form us today all the best of
this team of the week fell ribery and
then u miss runet ollland aiming general
all a bunch of gender information and even
ibrahimovic so friends on this
wonderful note I would like with you
say goodbye subscribe to the channel
join the group in contact
put like this video if you
liked but subscribe to twitter
My course with you was in singer bye
I